Fix "by using" in concepts N--Z (#3207)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_shellhooks-plugin.adoc

= Shellhooks

With webhooks, you can only map one {Project} event to one API call.
For advanced integrations, where a single shell script can contain multiple commands, you can install a {SmartProxy} shellhooks plug-in that exposes executables by using a REST HTTP API.

You can then configure a webhook to reach out to a {SmartProxy} API to run a predefined shellhook.

> A shellhook is an executable script that can be written in any language as long as it can be executed.

Author: ```suggestion
A shellhook is an executable script that can be written in any language provided that it can be executed.
```
